The Joe Rogan experience.
It reminded me of a Floyd Mayweather and he knocked out Victor
Ortiz when they were kissing or whatever they did. But Jim gray,
not well remember headbutted him. I know. But then they didn't,
they made up Victoria.
T's went to make up at Floyd Mayweather, Floyd made with it, like, yay. Yeah.
Okay. Boom. Yeah. Yeah.
But it wasn't Jim gray. It was, it was an older God. What's his name?
Larry merchant. Yes. Larry merchant.
And Larry merchant said that if he was 50 years younger, he'd kick Floyd's.
I remember that. Yeah. I was like, okay, no, you wouldn't have no,
you wouldn't. But it reminded me of,
he got mad and then he was just going to kick his. What a crazy.
Thing to say too. Literally.
One of the greatest boxers that's ever put on gloves. Yeah. I mean,
you can make an argument who the greatest boxer of all time is,
but you better have Floyd Mayweather. There's going to be in there.
Probably. If you're holding a microphone,
you probably weren't ever going to kick his.
What's up with the, uh, Mayweather fighting Logan. Paul, you see this? Yeah.
Yes. Well, Logan Paul makes some money.
Well, one thing I will tell you, Logan,
Paul is a really good athlete and he's an enormous man. Now,
if it was an MMA fight, I would pick Logan Paul. Well, Logan,
listen to me, there's a video of Logan, Paul wrestling with Paulo Kosta.
It's a real live wrestling,
like live wrestling sparring session where he is exhibiting real
skill. He knows how to scramble. He's got real wrestling skill.
And I think he wrestled in college. Okay. No,
didn't just in high school, but he was good though. Right? Did he go to college?
He went.
To OU he did wrestling as party school in the country. I.
Just partied. So he's from Ohio, right? Well, you know, that's why I know. Yeah.
He knows.
Everything. So how good was he in high school?
Uh, I remember hearing, I don't know if he won state, but I'll,
I'll check that real quick.
Either way. Yeah. Kim with Paula Kosta Paulo is, uh,
the UFC's number one contender in the middle of division and the most beautiful
man in the UFC. Perfect specimen of a man and a wrecking machine.
Just a wrecking machine. Yeah. And the two of those guys are there.
They're doing wrestling, drill and sparring and Logan,
Paul is hanging in there, man, with an elite MMA, you know,
world championship, caliber fighter,
a guy who like went to war with Yolo Romero and walked him down. Right. I mean,
Paula Costa is a monster. He's a man in Logan.
Paul is hanging in there and I don't care what anybody says. Like the, what,
what I saw in that I'm like that kid is impressive. Now he's gotta be 600. Well,
he might actually did.
Let's see when he joined the wrestling team, it says Ohio state and Athens,
which is not just, oh you, so you might've joined the team. I don't know if he,
I don't know if he had a record if he performed with him or if he just.
Did a little bit of wrestling in college, he wrestled in high school as well.
Yeah. Either way.
He's, he's a big dude. He's a big.
Dude and he's a real athlete. And one of the things that I saw, you know,
I know he lost his boxing match.
They had a draw the first time that he lost the second time.
But what I'm seeing him throw punches, like he's very athletic.
He throws punches with good technique, you know,
but obviously the other kid that he boxed with did as well,
but there's such a difference between that and Floyd Mayweather in a boxing
match. It's going to be hilarious. Yeah.
The only thing is that Floyd is so much smaller than him. Yeah.
He's gotta be compared to Logan tiny. That's why I say I got the big guy.
I got the one punch Logan Kao.
Oh, oh my God. That's so hilarious. Could you.
Imagine if he did, could you imagine if he clips Floyd Mayweather in a temple,
is he floor? Oh. Measure.
What the crowd would do? Imagine there would be a crowd. Yeah.
Yeah. But um, I wonder when they're going to be able to have it,
let's do it in China or some. Yeah, it.
I don't know. I'm just pretty impressed with how Logan Paul is,
has for a young kid has made so much money.
Just talking a lot of and turn these, these opportunities to flight.
Hi Floyd. What.
I know,
but the thing about it is like who's going to sanction that the weight
classes are so.
Different. Floyd is 50 pounds different.
It could be 50 pounds plus it could be more,
I don't think Floyd's walks around at more than 155 pounds, a hundred,
maybe one 60 at the most, you know? And when he's in shape, you know,
less than that.
But here's the crazy thing. I'll watch the out of it. Oh,
wash the out of it too.
I mean, everybody will, you're talking about Mike Tyson versus Roy Jones Jr.
Like a lot of people, like, what is, what are we doing? What is happening here?
I liked the fact that they decided not to do it September 12th.
So it already would have happened.
They decided to extend it deepened to November,
give everybody a chance to like really train and ramp up the promotion and let
everybody know. And, and it's more and more exciting every day. Roy Jones Jr.
Was posting some on his Instagram dude.
He's still got some hands speed. Yeah. See if you can find that.
And he he's coming in here soon.
It was fine for Logan Paul wrestling coast.
And I'm finding them is like play sports.
Yeah. There's a little bit of boxing place barring,
but there's a bunch of wrestling scrambling in there.
That's really impressive on.
The video. I saw it was on his blog. I know, I know.
I know I'm looking to do another retraction,
but it might have just looking like I might have to.
I apologize. I lied about Logan, Paul wrestling.
Just doing an advanced Fila for everything. Just in case.
It is going to be one of the most ridiculous things ever though.
If you can get a YouTube star,
two to box the literal best boxes. Right.
Of all times. Never lost. Yeah. 15. Oh.
So yeah. But back it up before that. Yeah. Let him,
let him scramble the jujitsu terrain. Okay. So this is just you Jitsu training.
They're uh, they're rolling around the mat, but they do some, uh, scrambles.
See, I don't know how much, uh, Logan has trained. You just watch the wrestling.
Watch this though. Seriously, the kid can wrestle like, come on.
They're not showing it. What kind of horseshit is this?
Is this a, because they want them to look good. They want, I don't know. God it.
I know it's there.
Hey, what about the, oh no.
What have we got? Come on. Show me some. That's it?
Hmm. Well it exists it's somewhere.
Hmm.
So he, they, they did a lot of sparring like boxing sparring, for sure. Yeah.
This is just showing, let it go right here. Let's see what happens here.
Come on Logan. Show me some Breslin, bro.
This it's amazing that Paul close to can make 185 pounds. That's what's amazing.
The dude walks around at two 30 and he's a tank. I mean, yeah.
He could be a heavyweight at 30 close to seven week class, I guess.
At least they're close. Similar.
I swear. It's real. I swear.
It's not like the Antifa guys lighting fires in Portland. It's real.
They did find.
It. The getting arrested part. I'll find it. Yeah.
Yeah. There's videos of him wrestling from like.
High school, but oh no. He's there's no videos of him wrestling. Paula Kosta.
No video. Right. There was the best I could find. I'm looking at it harder, but,
come on.
Jamie's is punishing me for the Portland thing.
There's this video of him saying it's getting knocked out,
but I was a hundred percent. Yeah.
A hundred percent fake. Yeah. Well he's smart. He's getting a lot of attention.
I just think he's going to be whipping it air. Oh yeah.
But if he, if that one connects, that's what I got my money.
On. That would be so bananas. I know.
Imagine a Floyd goes cause low fifth gen one,
because he gets killed by Logan. Paul.
Jacked. I mean he works out hard. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Super nice.
And he's training.
With Shannon. The cannon Briggs. Is he Shannon? The candidate.
At least he was before that last fight that he did. Shannon.
The Canon was training with him. Yeah.
Well and he, he hunts.
So that's good. Yeah. Where does he hunt? He hunted in Ohio. Yeah.
What'd he look like white tail. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah.
Um, cause I went and did his podcast, took him a bow and, and was shot and yeah.
I mean he, yeah, I got upset that he did his podcast.
Hunters. Yeah. Well.
That's weird. Uh, the hunting industry is, uh, that's weird.
First of all, for a lot of people that there's a hunting industry. Yeah. Yeah.
There is because that's what social media has done.
It's created like that as well.
Him and his brother. And I think the dad sharing hunting.
Stories. Interesting. You could find that,
but you can't find the wrestling.
Footage. Well, I, Hey, I see that. Oh,
I see how it works. I get it.
So, so the Joe Rogan experience are now free on Spotify. That's right.
They're free from September 1st is December 1st.
They're going to be available everywhere,
but after December 1st they will only be available on Spotify,
but they will be free. That includes the video. The video will also be there.
It'll also be free. That's all we're asking you. Just go download Spotify much.